# Find Maximum Element

This is an exercise to re-enforce the learning in part-1.

Make the exact same program as in part-1 except use [max_element()](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/algorithm/max_element) to locate the largest element in the vector.

## Requirements

Using a C++ vector and a random number generator, create an vector of random integers. Then print out the vector with one element from the vector on a line. Next find the maximum value in the vector. Once the maximum value is found, return it to the main function and print it out.

Using the inline documentation, implement the following functions.

* `int FindMaximum(vector<int>&the_vector);`
* `void FillVector(vector<int>&the_vector,const int nelements,RandomNumberGenerator&random_number_generator);`
* `void PrintVector(const vector<int>&the_vector);`
* `void ErrorMessage(const string&message);`
* `extern using namespace std;`

The program takes three command line arguments other than the program's name:

1. `argv[1]` is the minimum value generated by the random number generator
1. `argv[2]` is the maximum value generated by the random number generator
1. `argv[3]` is the number of random numbers to generate and save into the vector.

Use only C++ Standard Library functions to complete this exercise. Do not use any loops.

To compile your program, you use the `make` command. A Makefile is provided for this exercise.

The Makefile has the following targets:
  
* all: builds the project
* clean: removes object and dependency files
* spotless: removes everything the clean target removes and all binaries
* doc: generate HTML documentation from the source code using Doxygen
* format: outputs a [`diff`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diff) showing where your formatting differes from the [Google C++ style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html)
* tidy: output of the [linter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lint_(software)) to give you tips on how to improve your code
* headercheck: check to make sure your files have the appropriate header

## Inline Documentation
The project is thoroughly documented inline using the [Doxygen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doxygen) format. The documentation establishes a framework for you to follow so that you can implement all the details of the program. To generate HTML formatted documents to view on your computer use the make target `doc`. For example:

```
$ ls
Doxyfile	Makefile	README.md	find_min.cc
$ make doc
set -e; clang++ -MM -g -Wall -pipe -std=c++14  find_min.cc \
	| sed 's/\(find_min\)\.o[ :]*/\1.o find_min.d : /g' > find_min.d; \
	[ -s find_min.d ] || rm -f find_min.d
doxygen Doxyfile
$ ls
Doxyfile	README.md	find_min.cc
Makefile	doc/		find_min.d
```

The inline documentation is saved in `doc/html`. To view the documentation, use the command `gio open doc/html/index.html` which will open the index file in your web browser.

If the `doxygen` command is not available, for instance when you use `make doc` the output looks like:

```
$ make doc
set -e; clang++ -MM -g -Wall -pipe -std=c++14  find_min.cc \
	| sed 's/\(find_min\)\.o[ :]*/\1.o find_min.d : /g' > find_min.d; \
	[ -s find_min.d ] || rm -f find_min.d
doxygen Doxyfile
make: doxygen: No such file or directory
make: *** [doc] Error 1
```

Then you can install `doxygen` using the command `sudo apt install doxygen doxygen-latex graphviz`.

## Don't Forget

Please remember that:

- You need to put a header in every file.
- You need to follow the [Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html).
- Remove the `TODO` comments.

## Testing Your Code

Computers only ever do exactly what they are told, exactly the way they are told it, and never anything else. Testing is an important process to writing a program. You need to test for the program to behave correctly and test that the program behaves incorrectly in a predictable way.

As programmers we have to remember that there are a lot of ways that we can write the wrong program and only one to a few ways to write the correct program. We have to be aware of [cognitive biases](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cognitive_biases) that we may exercise that lead us to believe we have correctly completed our program. That belief may be incorrect and our software may have errors. [Errors in software](https://www.wired.com/2005/11/historys-worst-software-bugs/) may lead to loss of [life](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/03/14/business/boeing-737-software-update.html), [property](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariner_1), [reputation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pentium_FDIV_bug), or [all of the above](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009%E2%80%9311_Toyota_vehicle_recalls).

### Test strategy

Start simple, and work your way up. Good tests are specific, cover a broad range of fundamentally different possibilities, can identify issues quickly, easily, and directly, without need for much set up, and can almost be diagnosed by inspection if the code fails to execute the test correctly.

## Example Output

Please ensure your program's output is identical to the example below.

```
$ make
set -e; clang++ -MM -g -Wall -pipe -std=c++14  find_max_element.cc \
	| sed 's/\(find_max_element\)\.o[ :]*/\1.o find_max_element.d : /g' > find_max_element.d; \
	[ -s find_max_element.d ] || rm -f find_max_element.d
clang++ -g -Wall -pipe -std=c++14  -c find_max_element.cc
clang++ -g -Wall -pipe -std=c++14 -o find_max_element find_max_element.o 
$ ./find_max_element 
Please provide two positive integers as the maximum and minimum for this exercise and the number of integers to generate.
There was an error. Exiting.
$ ./find_max_element 1
Please provide two positive integers as the maximum and minimum for this exercise and the number of integers to generate.
There was an error. Exiting.
$ ./find_max_element 1 100
Please provide two positive integers as the maximum and minimum for this exercise and the number of integers to generate.
There was an error. Exiting.
$ ./find_max_element 1 100 4
28
89
57
59
The maximum value in the vector is 89
$ ./find_max_element 1 100 10
55
62
61
26
4
9
44
16
8
33
The maximum value in the vector is 62
$ ./find_max_element 1 10000 20
1596
2861
4442
7082
6847
4869
6787
6281
1254
7192
6392
8730
5555
1289
6709
8376
3429
7275
9512
4567
The maximum value in the vector is 9512
```

